Below is a combination of something new I'm writing mixed with a mathmetic concept I wrote a while ago(you can check the edit to this which is what the original idea I was given). I did not and still do not understand fully what I am seeing within this maths, but is is becoming more clear.
I'd suggest reading this and ignoring the [] brackets unless you want to delve into the maths of what I am saying. These brackets() within are for you to check the notes for even further reading.

I think what might be happening with all this confusion going on right now might be about polarization as well as our timeline being split open.

Many people talk about the power of manifestation, and when they do they simply state that to manifest things all you have nmto do is believe and concentrate your energy. However it is much more nuanced than this, as it is YOUR conscious belief put into a pool with others on this earth.
ie "we are all working as a conscious collective."

Further more, when I was first waking up I had two close friends who were all into this stuff and wanted to explain something to them. So I held my hand out and I said "look, we know that miraculous things were done in the past. We understand that our consciousness can help mold this world. So here I am going to attempt to create fire from my hand. The were intensely looking at my hand and a said "look here I am using my best manifestation but no matter how hard I try, even with the help of my peers believing in me more, I cannot do it. I cannot do it because I do not truly believe it is possible".

One friend even later comment and say "dude I was totally thinking we might actually see fire". (It's easier to make druggies believe things)

Anyways my point here is that it's a global conscious, and with that in order to gain such things, we they must be agreeable within the global conscious.

Now let's get into a more of a quantum thinking about our timeline.
Currently people are being polarized (most talking about left vs right) when you polarize yourself one way, you do become blind to the understanding of the opposite. [Polarization in math is akin to non-abelian(1) lie groups(2)]

I want to talk about our timeline for a bit and how people view it to how I've been seeing it works. Many people think our timeline just is and it's just what happened and did not. However again, it's much more nuanced.

Let's take into the consideration of manifestation and censorship.
What censorship does is essentially pull Schrodinger's cat out of the box and say "look it is this alive/dead". So when manifesting(believing) we are shifting dimensions, although it appears as if we are on the same timeline. Now we can deviate from the timeline via polarization only so much as the left hand equals the right[(3)differentiable funtions].

What I'm understanding and trying to convey here is that in a debate or argument like for example "Left v Right" or each point of the discussion carries it's counterpoint. The left hand limit is equal to its right.
However for a person who is only perceiving points in it's own biases and thoughts relating to their own beliefs their conscious reality will be skewed to only the information points they are willing to accept. 

Now lets look at de broglie bohm pilot wave theory. If you become too polarized with incorrect thoughts, life will somehow guide you back into the field of the pilot wave.

Back to this Schrodinger's cat again. For quite a while we have been under the beliefs of a singular timeline. I ask myself "If you were a quantum being stuck in a singlur timeline, how would you start to recognize that?" or "As a 3D being how do you know which direction you are facing in 4D?". I believe it is a collective conscious effort. Each polarization/[non-abelian group] wishes to silence the other via a censorship of sorts. They want to pull the cat out of the box, and say "Look I have the truth". Now if you are polarized so much in any way, you will believe when to politician(kek polarizors perhaps?) Sell you their "poofs" you believe them based on your polarizations.

When I speak of the timeline splitting open, what I am noticing as you depolarize yourself, you essentially put the cat back into the box, and can ponder the orb about it.

"I tell you the truth, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven. Therefore, whoever humbles himself like this child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven."
Matthew 18:3-4

------------------------------------
(1) abelian/non-abelian
In mathematics, an abelian group, also called a commutative group, is a group in which the result of applying the group operation to two group elements does not depend on the order in which they are written. That is, the group operation is commutative. With addition as an operation, the integers and the real numbers form abelian groups, and the concept of an abelian group may be viewed as a generalization of these examples.

The concept of an abelian group underlies many fundamental algebraic structures, such as fields, rings, vector spaces, and algebras. The theory of abelian groups is generally simpler than that of their non-abelian counterparts, and finite abelian groups are very well understood and fully classified.

Non-abelian groups
In mathematics, and specifically in group theory, a non-abelian group, sometimes called a non-commutative group, is a group (G, ∗) in which there exists at least one pair of elements a and b of G, such that a ∗ b ≠ b ∗ a. This class of groups contrasts with the abelian groups. (In an abelian group, all pairs of group elements commute).

Non-abelian groups are pervasive in mathematics and physics. One of the simplest examples of a non-abelian group is the dihedral group of order 6. It is the smallest finite non-abelian group. A common example from physics is the rotation group SO(3) in three dimensions (for example, rotating something 90 degrees along one axis and then 90 degrees along a different axis is not the same as doing them in reverse order).

Both discrete groups and continuous groups may be non-abelian. Most of the interesting Lie groups are non-abelian, and these play an important role in gauge theory.
------------------------------------

(2)Lie group
A Lie group is a group that is also a differentiable manifold. A manifold is a space that locally resembles Euclidean space, whereas groups define the abstract concept of a binary operation along with the additional properties it must have to be thought of as a "transformation" in the abstract sense, for instance multiplication and the taking of inverses (division), or equivalently, the concept of addition and the taking of inverses (subtraction). Combining these two ideas, one obtains a continuous group where multiplying points and their inverses are continuous. If the multiplication and taking of inverses are smooth (differentiable) as well, one obtains a Lie group.

In mathematics, a differentiable function of one real variable is a function whose derivative exists at each point in its domain. In other words, the graph of a differentiable function has a non-vertical tangent line at each interior point in its domain.
------------------------------------
(3) Differentiable Functions
How to tell if a function is differentiable
A function can be proved differentiable if its left-hand limit is equal to the right-hand limit and the derivative exists at each interior point of the domain.
