Lately I've been thinking about writing a video series. Again... Nothing I do ever comes to fruition, but one of my coworkers is really into making movies, and him and his friends are actually in the process of shooting a film now. So I'm gonna pitch the idea to him this weekend and see what he thinks.

I have parts of this story that I want to incorporate, general theme and such, but putting it down scene by scene will be tough. I don't know which format I want to go with exactly. I'd like it to be moreso like the movies we see today rather than be some sort of tiktokish visuals with words on a screen. So that makes it more difficult.

But generally what I want to attempt to do is create a story about eternal life, and a hint of multidimension/multiworld but have no proof for the proof of multiple dimensions in the story. What I want to do is sort of encapsulate the mystery of the possible deeper realities of life/our world, but show no signs of abnormal activity.

The main part of the story would be people something to the effect of following a main character that has grown up in an evil satanic Masonic type family, through abuse and them being trapped within the elite circles and being unable to escape with something that seems highly schizophrenic to a normie, but will be expressed by each period throughout his life about how each time he tries to get away, he falls into the hands of the cult again and again. So by the time the main character meets our second main character... He's completely hopeless. This is going to have a lot of religious/spiritual themes as well. I want to include a part where he knows he can't go to his own pastor because he's part of the cult... And even a point in his adult world where he is now more aware of how controlled things are but still searches for other means or secs of people through other religions, and even goes across the world to do things to find the right people to escape. Each time finding if not the cult, a similar arm of the cult(even though it can be disconnected). I need to create a dash of a story of military experience (maybe him, maybe another character) and also for him a corporate aspect, in which he's thought he's escaped the clutches of this evil, but eventually finds out how his company is given into this evil. As he very smartly tries to clear it out, he realizes his company starts to go under. I think from there is where I'll have him try something like help a small Baptist church goer out, and find out that once they start making money his partner sells him out.

Eventually this guy is going to be so broken and tired that he's in a mental facility and meets the second main character. This character is going to be just a normal dude, normal family, Christian, but also knowledgeable of other religions, and a decent amount of stuff... Yet has ruined his mind with drugs. The two are in the mental facility for suicide attempts. The elite rich dude was in there as a mental health check, but as the facility has different cult members in it, is finding it impossible to leave. The schizo average dude is in there for an actual suicide attempt.

From the schizo keeps going on about different crazy things, but the rich dude (we'll call him Rick from now on) explains to him more of the realities of different situations.

Eventually they come to this point where Schizo starts talking about his thoughts on eternal life. Rick starts telling his about how his family is part of a bloodline of ancients that rule this world and explains how he knows he has eternal life. Through this Rick realizes that it's not just his blood. Or maybe he's always know this but has never seen a normie realize this in such a way. Both are convinced on this sort of eternal life, but nobody else is eternal in their life. Both good and bad people have this ability but the evil forces have in a way banded together to keep control. They ponder what they can do from here on out about this.

From here I want to make another sort of scene where Rick becomes paranoid about his normie friend rising up. Because he's seen before how when normal people start to rise up from all this, they start to turn evil. It causes Rick to test John(now the schizo normie's name). 

Through this test is where I'll do sort of "who knows moment". Where John dies/almost dies. We don't know for sure due to the eternal life factor... Yet the story moves on as if he survived. From here I'll have to ponder more, but this leaves an opening for part 2 of the series. Where it starts off with Rick visiting the grave of John, and the story will go on from that timeline. Maybe even showing parallels between the first movie.

For example possibly in movie two, Rick still goes through the same issues and such as the first movie did but they now have to be done in different ways. Which I think if the first two films are done right, film 3 will use characters from both one and two, but will leave the viewer wondering which timeline they're on.

----EDIT: Added more +a season 2----
In the comments I was asked "what's it going to be called?" And it lead me into figuring out more of the storyline.

As a placeholder I'm thinking of calling it "No Signs"
Based on Mark 8:12 and other verses.

Now this next part is a doozy, and I feel like people will HATE it. But it also makes for a great story.

But "No Signs" because I have ideas for part of the 3rd episode will be a sort of battle to create some sort of world wide event, some trying to summon Jesus' second return through forcing events trying to create the "beast system, pushing for an elaborate blue beam hoax, and a Second coming"...but there's silently people waking up, and a small group of "No Signs". 

Basically the final episode of the series will be a degradation of all the shows timelines, with a mess of end time apocalyptic religious based signs and such that has people living in a mental state such as one would have being taken into tartaria. 

I think in series 2 episode 1 will start way later where eventually the evil apocalyptic group has killed off many people, and replaced all spiritual material with their nwo religion.  There are people left alive who still are fighting for good though. Eventually one of the slaves from these elites... (Well I'm not exactly sure how I'll portray this part yet) but it will be a mix of the annunaki story and the garden of Eden. The elite from the first series will have passed out of the timeline from here and their "God like knowledge" of technology and would decrease over time of their reliance on technology. However I think what I may do, is through enki and enlil will be a battle between the elite generations, with enki finding a torah in his time sees the parallels of Enlil about to flood the word. Through that enki realizes what he must do to guide these people. By the time of Moses, the Torah has been dealt to Moses and he frees the Israelites and the story ends.

Could go on to a part two where Jesus himself naturally reads through the Torah, and perhaps finds little bits of the new testament remaining, hears other rabbis talking about the "hidden texts", and even just sorta local stories being told that hint at him. Although I would have his character go through a more natural process that leaves the viewer to see that even though it could have been a bunch of people pushing the story again and again, that Christ was still divine. But I'm not sure I'd want to make that episode/movie.

I could go on, but I've honestly just thought almost all this up off the top of my head... Writing things out for others and speaking ideas is what really helps me gain inspiration.
