Here is the heavily overlooked part of the Julian Assange story.

The WANK Worm was a computer worm that attacked DEC VMS computers in 1989 over the DECnet. It was written in DIGITAL Command Language.
https://www.muckrock.com/news/archives/2019/may/14/nasa-wank-worm/

DEC VMS computers in 1989 over the DECnet
OpenVMS, often referred to as just VMS, is a multi-user, multiprocessing virtual memory-based operating system designed to support time-sharing,
batch processing, transaction processing and workstation applications.
It was first announced by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) as VAX/VMS (Virtual Address eXtension/Virtual Memory System) alongside the VAX-11/780 minicomputer in 1977.
OpenVMS has subsequently been ported to run on DEC Alpha systems, the Itanium-based HPE Integrity Servers, and select x86-64 hardware and hypervisors.
Since 2014, OpenVMS is developed and supported by a company named VMS Software Inc. (VSI).

DECnet is a suite of network protocols created by Digital Equipment Corporation.
Originally released in 1975 in order to connect two PDP-11 minicomputers,
it evolved into one of the first peer-to-peer network architectures, thus transforming DEC into a networking powerhouse in the 1980s.

OpenVMS offers high availability through clustering and the ability to distribute the system over multiple physical machines. (BLOCKCHAIN)
This allows clustered applications and data to remain continuously available while operating system software and hardware maintenance and upgrades are performed,
or when a whole data center is destroyed. VMS cluster uptimes of 17 years have been reported.
Customers using OpenVMS include banks and financial services, hospitals and healthcare, telecommunications operators, network information services, and industrial manufacturers.
During the 1990s and 2000s, there were approximately half a million VMS systems in operation worldwide.

THIS IS the Quantum Theory of Atoms
For a particle in a cubic or rectangular box, Cartesian coordinates are more appropriate and there are three quantum numbers (n1,n2,n3) needed to label a quantum state
similarly in spherical coordinates, there are also three quantum numbers needed

A worm virus is a malicious, self-replicating program that can spread throughout a network without human assistance. Worms cause damage similar to viruses.

https://medium.com/@niraj.lal/rubberhose-cryptography-and-the-idea-behind-wikileaks-julian-assange-as-a-physics-student-4fd0578cbaa3

This rubber hose was based on the WORM that was sent to NASA. and then replicated itself 13 days later as an impoved version.

As being deeply associated with anonymous hackers and leaking private data. Wikileaks was sent the worst of the worst 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3H2PFXob3FY&ab_channel=anonymousCAN613

The "genesis block" of BTC was premined. Thats what Assange and associates could have been loading their super computer is all the data that these hackers have been gathering.

the core people would have access and they could give access as well. BTC is a VM inside a VM with muliple services "Worlds inside Worlds"

WIKILEAKS
https://archive.org/stream/WikiLeaksFreedomForce/WL%20Insurance%20Thread_djvu.txt

https://pastebin.com/1sz7KL64%20
https://github.com/claudiajs/claudia-api-builder 
claudia is much like kubernetes and the "entropy worm"


whereas during its visit to Washington of 28-31 October 2013 the LIBE delegation met with the US Department of the Treasury;
whereas the US Treasury stated that since the entry into force of the TFTP Agreement it had not had access to data from SWIFT in the EU except within the framework of the TFTP;
whereas the US Treasury refused to comment on whether SWIFT data would have been accessed outside TFTP
by any other US government body or department or whether the US administration was aware of NSA mass surveillance activities;
whereas on 18 December 2013 Mr Glenn Greenwald stated before the inquiry held by the LIBE Committee that the NSA and GCHQ had targeted SWIFT networks;
Government Communications Headquarters, commonly known as GCHQ, is an intelligence and security organisation responsible for providing signals intelligence and information assurance to the government and armed forces of the United Kingdom.

In 2011, three engineers—David Schwartz, Jed McCaleb, and Arthur Britto—began developing the XRP Ledger (XRPL) they were in on the ideas of btc and a crypto "coinbase" as well

Aaron Swartz had a dead-drive and idk if its possible... but the information to connect to it is still in the pdf below
https://www.theverge.com/2013/10/16/4843484/securedrop-aaron-swartz-freedom-of-the-press-dead-drop-wikileaks
http://www.czeskis.com/research/pubs/UW-CSE-13-08-02.PDF

As part of the implementation audit, we examine
the DeadDrop code base in search of commonly found vulnerabilities, misconfigurations,
incorrect use of cryptographic primitives, poor sources of entropy and other errors that
might lead to security risks

These cryptographic primatives based on entropy is what this worm is all about. and it does it by replicating and signing signatures.

For example, two individuals
might agree that one person will place a secret message in an inconspicuous book in a library
on a particular day. The other person would then retrieve the message from the book at a later
time. DeadDrop was designed to mirror this communication concept in the digital space. 

DeadDrop was designed to use three physical servers: a public-facing server, a second server for storage of messages and documents,
and a third that does security monitoring of the first two.
The New Yorker's public-facing server also has a USB dongle called an Entropy Key plugged attached to generate a pool of random numbers for the crypto.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7CRUZL1nD4&ab_channel=VinAndSori

